Okay, this is Clarissa and the long wait is almost over after a few delightful commercials. I take over. That's right
Clarissa explains it all is coming up next. I know I'm excited
Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to
Pebbles tastes more chocolatey in which we get some
magic lamb
Determined who's here to create your wishes, but first I need something extra chocolatey delicious
Try my new more chocolatey cocoa pebbles looks more chocolatey. Mm-hmm tastes more chocolatey
Barney my pebbles you're a genius
post cocoa pebble cereal part of this complete breakfast
So much more
Fun with folly's wedding chapel compact amusement park and more
Soul separately
There are wacky things at the wacky warehouse
What's the story
You get free Kool-Aid sugar sweetened drink mix a two-quart pack 30 Kool-Aid points in this fun
Wacky warehouse order form for free stuff with every medium or lunch dominoes pizza order
Pizza got something the rest is nothing
Who's Kirby behind the flabby facade a physical powerhouse a street fighter a
Weapons expert
He's whatever the situation demands in Kirby's adventure evil King Deity stolen Dreamland's dreams
Now Kirby's fighting to get him back leveled by nightmarish level. That's Kirby
He's killed across him then he's one tough cream puff Kirby's adventure new on NES
Welcome to snake Saturday night Nickelodeon now, you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning
Ever notice when a person says I have good news and bad news the good news is never good enough
And the bad news is always worse than you can imagine. I
Guess people always try to make the best of a bad situation even all through history remember Custer's last stand
What is it? Well, I have good news and I have bad news. Don't make me wait son
Well, the good news is the bad is almost over
great
What's the bad news that letter you're writing home? I don't think it's gonna get there
How about what they did to Joan of Arc?
Joan the good news is to the French. You're a hero and a saint
What's the bad news?
Others think you're which
Well, and don't forget
The good news is it's the best apple I've ever tasted Adam
What's the bad news?
Okay, so the news flash I just got here goes the good news
My mom got promoted to activities director at the Children's Museum bad news
She made up a thing called family volunteer day
That's the day where each parent who works there like dear old mom picks a day to bring along the kids like poor little me
The good news is it's only one day the bad news is it's all those little kids running around
This could be the worst day of my life
Listen to carton honey, it smells awful. Oh, it's a special surprise
I found them in the storeroom at the museum the whole staff used to wear them. What are they matching jackets?
So all the guests will know where the volunteers
Mom these relics should be in display not on people's bodies now Clarissa
I'm counting on all of you to join in and family volunteer day besides
I think it'll be fun find something you enjoy to share with the children, huh?
I've got just a thing great
Do you need any special materials construction paper paste just the keys to the family car?
I'll be sure to lose some indie style driving Clarissa
Can I at least show them how the wipers work? Yeah, you got a couple more days for try something else
Marshall, have you figured out how to explain what you architects do? Yeah
I'm gonna take my sketches and put them side by side with photographs of the finished buildings
And then they'll see how the artist's vision becomes reality
Great just keep some markers handy so they can draw in case the kids get bored. Gee. Thanks
How about you Ferguson, uh, could I teach them about ice cream? Oh, what a great idea. Phew. I thought you'd say no
Oh, I think they'll love a lecture about how to make ice cream
Actually, mom
I was gonna teach them how to eat ice cream at the queasy-free is next to the museum
Oh, come on mom think about it. I can't do it in the museum the ice cream will melt Ferguson read my lips
No
Nice try we the brain the whole point of family volunteer day is to get the kids into it not to get yourselves out of it
Besides it's something to do as a family, right when you say family. Does that include for Gantula? Oh, come on guys
You'll try promise sure mom. I promise you know me
Marshall is there something wrong with your arm? Hmm
No, nothing. Are you sure it does it itch? No, it's probably just a bite or a pimple or a rash or something
Well, don't let it go too long. We remember the time you stepped on that blowfish. That was not my fault
But I promise to take care of the itch
You know all these new duties of yours at the museum. Yeah, well, I mean don't you think it's a little too much?
I mean with all you have to do around here
Marshall you're absolutely right
It'll have to change you mean no family volunteer day. Don't be silly. I mean everyone else would just have to help
Me more with the chores. Oh
And by the way if anyone drinks any juice say the cans why I'm gonna teach the children how to make them into bird
Feeders, you'll see volunteering is so rewarding
The only thing I don't get is how is it volunteering when your mother is making you do it?
This is Clarissa darling. Welcome to my project here at the children's museum. I just stepped away for a moment
But I'll be back real soon
I knew right away. I would hate family volunteer day. How?
There's a rule of thumb you can follow something to help you predict what kind of things will ruin your day
It's the capital letters
You've got to watch out for certain structured activity days with capital letters. See these two
Assembly day and family volunteer day don't belong. Why because you don't get off from school
But Christmas spring break presidents day fine. No problem
Remember if anybody tells you about a new capital letters day, and you don't get off from school beware
Hi, Sam
Hey, Clarissa
You lose this no, no, thanks to you
So how's family volunteer day going watch? This is Clarissa darling. You missed me again. I was here. Where were you?
I stepped away, but I'll be back
If I set this machine up at the museum with enough tapes and let them play I can hide out all afternoon
I've already recorded three hours of freedom sounds great, but who's gonna change the tapes doing anything Saturday
Nice try. I don't understand. What's so bad about the children's museum?
Oh, it's hard to say unless you've been there, and I've never been there
One around that by me again. I've never been there. We're talking about the place where your mom works, right?
I walked by it once doesn't that count. I have an idea
What let's check it out together. No Sam. Come on down the ladder one foot in front of the other Sam. No
All right, how about this? I'll check it out for you. You will
Kind of a scouting expedition. Maybe if you hear a recycling won't feel so negative. Thanks, sir hang tight. I'll be back
Clarissa sorry I'm out, but hang tight. I'll be back. Hi. This is Clarissa darling
Anybody know when this place closes? Hi, Sam
Took you
Hey, Clarissa it was pretty cool all these different rooms with activities and stuff so I plugged it all into my galactic Gordon game
So what do I do? Go ahead explore see what you find
Okay, you're in the save energy room. Good luck finding the escape hatch. What about this window?
No way. It's a fake total blowout, but you can lower the temperature and turn off the lights now
I'll freeze in the dark, but where can I hide what up behind this door?
It's nice try nothing, but a slop sink in there gross. I'm moving out of here now. This looks promising
You just hit the rainforest room. Maybe I'll wear camouflage and hide or if I bribe this parent
Maybe he'll tell me the way out. I don't think it works that way. Oh wait. That's not a light switch
Great. Now. I really am all wet. Is this window a way out?
Not unless you're Superman that won't stop me
Hey, what's this place the music room try the gigantic xylophone made of water glasses Sam?
I want to make a getaway not addition for star search. Wait a minute the escape hatch. You don't want to do that
Great, maybe if I do enough property damage, they'll kick me out exit. I'm home. Oh
No, I'm still stuck. There's no way I'll ever get past the bug case
My mom says that's the exhibit the kids like most. I'll never sneak past them
Let's face it might as well forget this whole tape recorder idea
I'm trapped just like one of those bugs on display might as well squash me and stick me under glass
Clarissa, maybe you should forget about escaping and think of it as something to do with your family
Police I killed to have a family and stuff like this to do. Well, maybe you should join us
Well, maybe I will maybe you can take my place. I'll even give you the tape recorder and I'll throw in Ferguson
Wait
Ferguson and what now he was trying to get out of this to and maybe if we work together
You and Ferguson, that's radical. I need an idea Sam. There's no brain more devious on earth than his
I must admit at first I didn't throw myself into the project, but then I had a change of heart. Oh great
What did it change into a bunny? I realized that family volunteer day is the perfect opportunity for my exception of mine to
Effect these youngsters for the rest of their lives. That's for sure. They may never recover from the emotional wounds
Have you seen my second Marshal Ferguson wants to read to the children? Oh, well, that's that's great
You know usually try to make the exhibits more interactive. Yeah, you know Ferguson try to read interactively, you know, and I'm missing
interactively, how do you do that? Oh, I
Have no idea Jen and I can't what is it my gray slacks. Have you seen them? I thought you know with the jacket. Oh
Honey, I forgot. They're at the cleaners. It slipped my mind. Um
Can you find something else it goes? How about my strike box or shorts? Can you just pick up the slacks?
I don't have time dear. Okay. No problem. So Ferguson. What book did you choose?
I want to enrich their souls of the classic American novel that then so much to me
Do you say classic
Just can't underestimate the impact of fine litter chair and a tender young mind
Ferguson
May I see you outside a moment? I'd like to have an opportunity to have an impact on a tender young mind
Yours
Ferguson, I thought you didn't want to go I still don't but if I cooperate and you don't who ends up looking like the jerk
Okay, I'll admit the odds are in your favor, but you can't want to do this
I know you think you do but you're wrong. You'll get to the museum. There'll be all these kids
You'll realize it was a mistake. Trust me. I used to babysit your children not a threat to my superior
Intelligence then help me figure out a way. Why should I?
I'm older. I'll have access to firearms before you will
Besides, there are probably a few good excuses stashed away in that superior intelligence of yours a well since you put it that way
Let me think that green shampoo of mom's
The one that smells like the lawn. Yeah, that's it
Well, you could cook some oatmeal and color with the shampoo and then when you spill some down your shirt and smear a little on
Your chin, they'll think it's some kind of devil puke or something remember you pulled that one dad wanted help sorting nails in the garage
Yes
You can't did a minute. They threatened you with exorcism
Come on. This is where you shine. Okay. Oh, I got it
I'll call and pretend I'm mr. Butts team and then say that you have to stay home and write some report on the cooking oil
Containers of Mesopotamia now they want to read the report and cooking oil was hardly what made Mesopotamia great
Come on forget scams forget schemes think
Psych of the century. I got it
Stage a kidnapping leave a ransom note. There could even be some money in it
Eris's get kidnapped for ransom not girls like me
Okay, okay
You're holding out on me. I know it
I like the weasel you were born to be weasel. That's a great way to talk sis. Well
Congratulations, you know officially on your own
Ferguson, don't desert me. I have no idea what my project at the museum will be
I've got no idea how to get out of it and now a true sign of desperation
I just asked Ferguson not to leave
This is the Super Soaker 50 the air-powered water gun that shoots so far that while you can run
You can't hide
The genuine Super Soaker 50 if you don't have one you're all wet
If you really want to get someone wet, there's one sure way to go about it the Super Soaker
Genuine Super Soaker 200 think of it as a waterfall you can aim. I
Love the taste of milk max. It's a great taste
Which is why for the pleasure of a tall tasty glass. I do almost anything
For the smooth cool goodness of milk, I'd fly to the farthest galaxy for the cold refreshing taste of milk
I crawl through the burning wasteland for one satisfying yummy gulp of milk. I'd stretch myself to the limits
I do homework max. Wow milk. It tastes so good
I love video scavenger heads. Let's roll spider dogs twins rock group group headstand
Twins I always see twins and McDonald's
Hey
I always see red
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's, but why don't you say something?
Mania is rug rat mania the ruggedest rug rat episodes. It's Chuckie Angelica and Tommy mania on
Tomorrow
You're watching and now back to Clarissa explains it all
It was either the Boy Scouts or Julia Child to coin the motto be prepared
But can anything prepare you for an afternoon of torture at the Children's Museum?
My mom thinks I've come up with some sort of top-secret project. The top secret is I had no project
But I prepared it another way. Here's my survival kit
I
Little piles of treats here and there around the museum should lure that army of brats away from me
I hate contributing my junk food stash, but it's a small price to pay for peace
Comics weigh them in front of certain kids and they're silent for hours, but that's not all
Just to make sure I'm packing the ultimate repulsor
The one item that's sure to keep those kids away from me as long as I keep it firmly in my fists
So
Swift silent effective to a little kid. There's nothing more deadly
Hi, Sam. You ready to go?
Hi, Clarissa
The whole way over here. I tried to come up with some good news, but I guess it's all bad
I mean you can't come to the museum with me. Today's the father-son picnic at my dad's newspaper
Picnic. Well, that's a lot better than family volunteer day. Yeah, they have it every year
It's pretty cool unless they start a fight and dad gets punched out again
So have you picked the project yet? Not yet. Now I have to go alone
What do you mean alone? You'll have your mom your dad Ferguson. There's one thing. I won't have what's that?
I won't have fun
Mom, I'm ready. Let's do it. We're not doing it. What? Why not? I'm ready. I'm prepared
We're not going the children's museum is closed. Yes. I mean
It's terrible the boiler erupted and they shut off the water those poor deprive children
Well, I guess I'll be in my room. I mean, I know you were looking forward to this and everything
It was a chance for you to bring your work at the museum home for the family to share
Well, Clarissa
What did you just say?
Well before that
You mean about bringing your work at the museum home. Yes, that's it
That's an absolutely spectacular idea. Gee it sounds like sucking up to me. You sure know the sound
We can bring them to stay at home. We can
Mom, I wouldn't be too hasty about this Marshall. You can show off your drawings right here
Oh, sure. Why not? Hey, it's a terrific idea
You know, of course
We'll have a whole house to clean before they get here and what a mess after they leave and you're so busy
So it's probably not such a great idea. Oh, I absolutely love it
Ferguson, how about your project?
Um, my room would probably be the perfect setting to make my reading more memorable for the children
Great as memorable as a nightmare on Elm Street
Clarissa, how about your top secret project?
Sure
Right my top secret project
Well, I guess it'll work here as well as at the museum. Oh, great
Now let me see. I have to call the museum to post a sign on the door
Oh, and then of course, we'll need more juice. Oh, this is perfect. We better get ready
Ferguson when you read to the children why not use different voices for all the characters
Voices sure like
How about a big deep voice for mr. Pumpernickel?
And a high tiny voice for billy the toaster
Uh, sure mother. That's the life of
Just stay away from the regular Ferguson voice. It could scar child for life
Oh marshal, do you have extra rulers and things? Yeah, there's a few in the whole closet. Why?
Oh, well, you know dear sometimes children break stuff
How's your rash? Is it stop spreading? You know, it's just a little uncomfortable, but don't worry. I'll be fine
Clarissa, how about you top secret project ready? Just send those kids straight upstairs to my room mom
Good
Oh, there they are everybody take your places
Oh, and Clarissa remember I know mom have fun
An exhibit needs some kind of exhibit my first guests. Well, how nice to see you
Exactly where you are
And now for my exhibit at the darling family children's museum
Me how'd you could join me? My name is Clarissa and this is my room
Life sure is exciting for the typical teenager these days
Watch me as I talk on the phone in my typical teenage way
Imagine my own phone
And here I am reading my diary
We teenagers sure do have a lot of private special thoughts
Well, that's all for now
Okay, show's over now. Get out of here. Go visit my brother Fergus and he lives across the hall in Fergatory. Hurry up
Lovers have arrived
Hello
Hello, how are you?
Hi, hi
All it takes to make a really lovely bird feeder at home are a couple of pie plates
A coat hanger and an empty juice can then you can study the birds just like we do at the museum
Now who would like to start?
Well, uh, what should we do to break the ice?
Um, I know before we get started would anyone like some juice?
Great. All right, everybody just sit tight
I see my theories on child control are completely accurate. Remember you promised us a buck each
We settled at 50 cents
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay one buck one buck
One buck now just sit there and enjoy the story. It's called billy the talking toaster
Can't talk this one talked
There once was a little gingerbread house. Where's the house?
I don't know be quiet. I'm gonna tell a little gingerbread house and we got ants
Now this is the first building I ever designed
Uh, come here come here and I really I really let's put that down. I really love this drawing and I'll probably keep it always
Of course, no, it's it's it's not good to get too attached to things
Wow, what a crowd
There sure are a lot of trendy teenage magazines for the typical teenagers these days
And you know what else into fashion
You can design your very own look
Imagine
Well, buh-bye
Okay, now take off beat it make room for the others. By the way, don't miss the baboon across the hall
He answers to the name fergusson
Gee running a museum is a breeze
Billy returned the next day to find his friend missing
And then billy the talking toaster got really mad and instead of talking
He just wrapped his court around the neck of an awful little boy
And he just squeezed and squeezed until the little boy finally gave up now get back
Get away
Get back see the seeds go up in here
And then the birds sit down here to eat them. Isn't there anyone who'd like to try?
Well, I'm all out of juice. Um, does anyone need to use the bathroom?
All right, it's right up the stairs
Museum this itching is driving me nuts. Look dad's on the jack
Kids a bug with about a million legs
Did that come out of your jack? It must have been what bit me neat mrs. Darling. This is great
We're a cool bug. There are lots more bugs at the children's museum. Some of them are even in the bug case
Who's gonna go there next week and check it out?
me
How's that rash? Well, it was the bug bite. All right, the doctor gave me this stuff
Hard to believe one bug could cause all that. Well, it was really from all the scratching
See, I was worried about your extra work and
The more I worried the more I itched the more I itched the more I scratched the more I scratched the more it spread and the more it spread
Marshall
I still can't find a picture of this thing
Maybe because I squashed it
Will someone at the museum know what it is? Oh, don't worry. There's probably a lot more in the storeroom
Well
Things got a little out of hand, but it was still fun. Hmm. The bad news is family volunteer day is over
Wait a minute
That's the bad news. That means there must be good news too
Ferguson
More snicking straight ahead. So stick around and see what's up at the roundhouse next on snick
First explains it all was taped in nicolodian studios at universal studios or lendo florida
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch
Snick will continue after these messages
This sunday tune in to nicknews w5 and tune in to your world
She's a kid a musician. She lives in new york city on a boat
He's black. He's white. They're best friends. What's the problem? They live in south africa
A 13 year old girl going to work for nasa. It's all on nicknews w5 this week nicknews
Your world your news this sunday at 8 7 central on the network that's tuned in to kids
You know how you always say you wish I had more friends
Hello, mrs. Madigan for anyone who's ever looked for adventure
I hate when that happens wanted a girl. What a cutie and needed a friend
This hero stuff has its limits columbia pictures presents. Come on an adventure for the kid inside us all
Arnold Schwarzenegger last action hero rated pg 13 the fun begins on june 18th
In a world of flat chips, what do you call crunchy baked shells surrounding smooth creamy fillings?
roll models
See why combos taste better?
What do you call a crunchy baked tortilla filled with creamy nacho cheese?
Nacho ordinary tortilla new nacho tortilla combos. See why combos taste better?
Super netball the action shouldn't catch game with the power stretch net that sings a squish super netball over 100 feet
Super netball, yeah super hot
Super netball another great squish product from cap toys. Who else?
Sugar bears after my golden crisp cereal
Oh, no, you don't
Nothing comes between my tummy and the honey wheat taste of golden crisp. It's part of a complete breakfast
30 baseball player cards home run hitters hot rookies. It's a home run offer free from golden crisp
Already post cereal with any five proofs to purchase postage and handling
Another nick profile named andy age nine favorite tv show nick toons favorite food bird seeds
Huh best friend lennie adler. I'm ready
Nickelodeon tuned into kids and their pets too
And has played at sports the earliest sports were somewhat
As time went on sports became more and more sophisticated the next natural step endorsement
And it soon became apparent that the sports stars were also the ones who were a hit with the girls
This ensured the survival of sports throughout history
There are professional sports college sports all the way down to sandlot sports
And that means that inevitably someone's gonna have to be
The last one big big
It's down to just me and henryetta clumbucker
Surely they'll pick me before henryetta in the last game she fell down twice during the coin toss
Tonight on the blunder years kelvin learned something about sportsmanship
Come on pick me pick me. I'm really good
Henryetta that means i'm last i got picked last i'll have to live with this shame for the rest of my life
Luckily, this is a stylized tv show and i can take a break and go talk to my dad
Hey dad i got picked last at the ballpark today
But the only thing that matters that i play my best right being picked last doesn't mean anything right
Well son, it means that you're challenged with respect to your athletic selectability. What does that mean in plain english?
It means that you suck hose water
Yes, the unfortunate truth is that some people are great at sports. Some people are good. Some people are so-so
And some people really suck hose water
It is to those suckies that this broadcast is painfully dedicated and now let's go to an overbearing commercial
You play to win you give 110 you want shoes to do the same
You want that special edge only the best shoes can give you
Unfortunately, the best shoes cost more than the total economic output of some third world countries
They're so expensive
You have to go with the friend to be able to afford them. Go ahead matt walk
I can't do it. I started my left foot. You have to start
Uh, why do I always have to be the left foot because I put $300 more than you did
Share jordan's find a friend and put a down payment on a pair today
Go ahead jump jump we'll be lucky if you're making it to the gym
Share jordan's just do it if you can afford it
Share jordan's are the official overpriced shoe of the u.s. Olympian team
Being short and kind of chunky age forced him off the courts
Now biogenetic science puts two great celebrities into one amazing bundle of mutated genes
Introducing paula abdul jabar
It sings it dances has never seen anything like official genetically mutated man woman of the u.s. Olympian team
Oh, hey guys. Hey, dude. What's up?
We're on our way to our violin lesson. Why don't you get your viola and check it out?
I wish I could but my dad's making me play baseball
I coach little league
My own son is on my team. So naturally I push him twice as hard
I was kind of fat and stupid when I was his age and I didn't play ball
So I want him to make up for all the glory that I missed. I want him to win win win
Takes a lot out of a dad being that overbearing and that's why I eat
Treaties treaties when winning isn't the most important thing. It's the only thing
Treaties the official cereal of the u.s. Olympic team's fathers
Ready to go get him tiger. Yeah, I guess so guess so what kind of a way is that for a victory hungry animal to respond
Can I play what baseball? Yeah, get serious. You're a girl. Yeah, you're a girl. You get out there and kick some butt
You know that there's no console of me. I'm champion of the finger now fighters
The perspiration is true to me
It must look like I've been in a shower
And dissipation is right to me
And every second seems like a
Snake I'll just stop
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this
Check it out. What is it man?
Only Nickelodeon can explode implode give a dog a log or a baggy gritty kitty while the kitty's in the city with the
Mutskipper hippie is a cat without a nose platter toast man. Can you stand the insanity here and for you?
Steppy I'm so happy
Steady nyak shaving doctor super robin huckle have you're singing happy happy joy joy boy
I'm talking about the one and only renons to be show on the only network for you
Nickelodeon
Don't tell him I said so
But my brother is totally cool totally cool
He can take yuhu chocolate drink and do this with the cap. I'm working on it
Sorry, dad
But house rules you don't have to sink one to drink one yuhu the cool way to do chocolate and baseball cards
Look for details in your favorite store
Look at all the crystal princesses
There's princess crystal art
I love crystal princess dolls and crystal carriage each sold separately
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
You want to go to the dance and stuff
You guys are so disbelieving of what just happened. Did you see that jessica help to understand what they say and her
What does she have that I have it?
Oh
Is a minus lead in a glan line like totally leaving you feeling flat
Never fear with a new shebok pump training bra
You too can be a double d light shebok's patented super sturdy air bladder allows inflation up to 40 psi
As verified by us down to tire pressure gauge like hey jessica. Thanks for going to the dance and stuff sure jeremy
It's okay. It's the shebok
I wonder if they make one for guys too
Sorry
Warning not to be used as a personal flotation device sweater stretcher and patch kit sold separately like and stuff
Okay, sweetie. Come on and get up because it's time for school. Oh, okay waking up getting up
Oh, no, you you promised me you were going to kick this cheerleading habit
Are you or someone you know struggling with a cheerleading dependency?
If so call the split center for cheeraholics. We have a program designed to help break you of the cheerleading habit
Hi, my name is jody spody
The split center can custom tailor a program to suit your needs
Hi, um, I'm ryan and I'll be okay for a couple weeks or so then all of a sudden
I get this incredible urge to pick up my mom and carry her around the house like this
And like i'm shila and I don't have to share
Really, but okay. Well, maybe but I am no flag twirler
Two months the split center today. It couldn't be the most important call of your life. So what are you waiting for?
Give me a c. Give me an a. Give me, you know, give me another hand. Give me shelter. Give me shelter
Oh, hi there cutie pie. You've been all our lives. Yo babes, let's go to the beach
Boy, I wish I could be a jock like hill
Are you the type of nerd who doesn't like sports but want the girls to think you're a jock?
Well, then you need stink ups the athletic bio pads to leave you smelling like a jock in minutes
This is a good place for stink up and attract as many girls as you do flies
Take a whip of this guy like maximally and fresh
Raise your stock be a jock order your supply of stink ups now while supplies smell
With your paid subscription to sports illuminated you get free the incredible phone sneaker
Come on. You ready to go? Yeah, let's play
Want me to get that? Hold on. I gotta call them out of the foot. New York Times. Yes, it's the incredible phone sneaker
Wow, I can't believe it's actually a phone. Yeah, I don't know how they get in touch with me. My feet are unlisted
Actually, do you mind we'll make a call? Is it local? Sure. Okay. We'll make it quick because my last sneaker bill was high
Hello. Hey, you'll never believe where I'm calling from
Do you mind?
It's Johnny's phone sneaker. Wow. Come on his other foot. I can't believe it's a sneaker and a phone
Check it out. It's that incredible combo of bad breath and stinky. What will they come up with next order now?
And you receive free float waiting sports illuminated phone sneaker looks like a phone smells like a sneaker
The sports illuminated phone sneakers the official telecommunications footwear of the u.s. Olympian team
Hello, honey the sneaker phones busted again. Sweet are your phones in here? You're talking into your golf show again
The only reason I bought the stupid magazine was for the swimsuit issue now back to the making of the sports illuminated swimsuit issue
You know being a model isn't all glamour
Some days you have to sit around in a limo for about an hour
And once I got sand in my shoes
But it's all worth it just to be lured at by fat balls middle-aged men all over the world
You tell them sweetheart. Those guys are disgusting. Hi dad. Can I talk to you for a minute? What now?
Well, yeah, sure you can. Okay. Well, I was thinking and I don't think baseball's for me
So I'm gonna go out for the track team. Oh, honey. Why do you want to get involved in sports?
I mean all you're gonna do is get sticky and sweaty
And why don't you get into modeling or something or be a cheerleader? I don't want to be a cheerleader
I want to be the one out there being cheered. Look your mom was a cheerleader and she loved it
Why don't you go talk to her? Maybe she can talk you into it. All right
Hi mom dad wants you to talk me into being a cheerleader. Oh, sweetheart. Can I tell you a secret?
Mm-hmm. I never wanted to be a cheerleader. I wanted to play basketball. Really? Sure
I used to call myself the fernwood flash. I was great out there on my driveway. Whoo
But I never tried out for the team. How come?
Well, I didn't want to show your father up
Can I tell you another secret sweetheart? Mm-hmm. When it came to sports your father really sucked hose water
So we're going to the cruise cross concert. Want to come? Want to come? No, thanks. I need to keep training
See yourself. See yourself. Training. Like she's really going to make the team. Yeah, dream on
The big orange couch will sneak again after this
Some stories can only be told at night and the midnight society is telling them
Watch are you afraid of the dark tonight at 9 38 30 central only on sneak
You've got a lot to do before lunch
Energy is what you need. You can fill your full with cheerios
Oh, a cheerios breakfast can give you the energy to make this earth a cleaner better place
Clean it up, make it right, do it now
Yeah, before lunch
So don't forget a complete breakfast with cheerios
Oh, oh, oh. You've got a lot to do before lunch
Right tasting time you care really, really good stuff
We now return to roundhouse and sneak only on nick
Are these shoes made for playing basketball in the hardtour?
No. Are they made for playing on the blacktop? No. Are they made for playing at all?
Are they made for any kind of physical activity? No. They're Chair Jordans.
The shoe is made for doing absolutely nothing but sitting on your butt.
They're perfect for not jogging, not stretching, not mowing the lawn, not moving.
They offer no cushioning and no art support. And they have a special blister-inducing instep.
So don't even try to move any suckers. You could really get hurt.
Chair Jordans, the official non-activity shoe of the U.S. Olympian team.
You hear that, honey? I could hurt myself.
I guess that lawn's going to have to go begging again this month.
Oh, the lawn, yes. Or are you referring to the dust bowl around the house?
Live from the Olympic Notatorium.
The what?
From the Aquatic Center.
What is that?
We now bring you the most precise, spelletically beautiful of all sports.
Synchronology is swimming.
That is something else. Sheer artistry.
Yes, I'm sure you watch it for the artistry.
Where's Angie?
I don't know. I think she's out running again.
She's got a hard set of making the track team.
I hope she's not setting herself up for a big let down.
Come on! I'm in there five times! Break me off some!
I'm all their own.
From all over America, they came to form a little league of their own.
Whole baseball teams made entirely of guys who throw like girls.
Come on!
Bench warmers already had one strike against them in their own league,
but they struck out on their own to excel with plays like the 360 degree whoosh
and an incredible knack for fighting a bad call.
Oh, but listen up. I missed the base because my mother told me I can't overexert myself
in the heavy pallet season.
You're out crying in baseball?
Maybe they'll let you copy their science notes.
After a tough day on the baseball field, I can work up a pretty good thirst.
And when I'm thirsty, I don't want some gamey secretion from a waterfall in France.
I want something refreshing. Well, the name I could pronounce.
That's why I drink hose water.
Hose water comes deep into the cement walls of some of the finest reservoirs in America.
And then it's passed unfiltered through a standard 20-foot ace hardware rubber gardening hose
to give it that refreshing plastic taste.
Hose water's temperature controlled, always lukewarm.
So why go to Europe for drink water and what you really want is in your own backyard.
Hose water, regular or dog lick?
Hose water is the official backyard water of the U.S. Olympian team.
Hey, come on. Here we go.
All right, kids, that's it. Hit the showers.
You know, there was a time when I'd say hit the showers and the kids would head for the hills.
They'd rather stink than bare themselves in front of their teammates.
But then I discovered body blinders.
Body blinders are specifically designed to help reduce the urge to take that uneasy curiosity glance
by preventing the wearer from seeing anything but the shower head above him.
Now when I say hit the showers, they head for the showers and the body blinders.
But new body blinders, your body is lean, mean, clean and unseen.
Body blinders are the official comparison prevention device of the U.S. Olympian team.
Angie, it's almost time for 90210. Are you going to watch?
No, thanks. I got to keep training.
Okay.
This Wednesday, a very special Beverly Hills 90210.
It was a summer they'd never forget.
What is it, Mom? What's happened?
It's your brother, honey. I begged him to be more careful.
He was yelling full of dreams.
Why did it have to happen to me?
Dreams that would be shattered by an unseen enemy.
Brandon, what were you thinking, man?
Weren't you protected?
I just don't know why that happened to me.
It's okay, Brandon. There was a cure for jock itch.
Brandon gets jock itch. This Wednesday on 90210.
I can't believe that we've shared towels with everyone that you've ever shared a towel with.
What?
Beverly Hills 90210 is the official...
I'm sure I want to go, son. I just don't know if I want to be there if she gets disappointed.
Oh, come on, honey. What's wrong with having a dream?
We're dreaming all that never runs.
I wish I could tell them...
Who is the fernwood flash?
Reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down, I know I can go down, down to 11 years again to find every inch
As long as the music keeps playing, you know what I'm saying
I know that I can find a friend
Oh, hello everyone. Stimpy here. And do you smell what I smell?
Is it old socks? Is it rancid milk?
Wait, I know. That's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal, Wren.
That means Wren and Stimpy is next. Oh, I snick for joy.
Roundhouse is taped before a live studio audience.
A Nickelodeon studio.
A Universal Studios Orlando Fairbanks.
Saturday night has arrived.
And Saturday night belongs to Snick.
To Jurassic Park.
They got in their King Kong.
At last.
Dinosaurs and male.
Two species thrown back into the mix together.
An adventure park.
How can we have the slightest idea of what to expect?
That is truly an adventure.
Universal Pictures presents
A Steven Spielberg film.
Jurassic Park, rated PG-13, starts Friday, June 11th.
You've all heard this.
There will be less talking.
Well, enough about less.
Now it's time to get more. More sweet raisins
Kellogg's Raisin' Brand.
More two scoops.
More is called.
Yeah.
So you can have a bowl of Kellogg's Raisin' Brand.
Get more.
Kellogg's Raisin' Brand.
Now with more sweet raisins in this complete breakfast.
That's more like it.
Now, fly with the Cardinals.
Roar with the Tigers.
Your favorite baseball team on a hip pouch.
Free with two proofs from Kellogg's Raisin' Brand.
What's on TV tonight?
Oh joy.
Hey, Wren.
It's Commander Hork and Stimpy.
Happy, happy, happy.
Joy, joy, joy.
My favorite live-action drama.
Don't let it start.
Roger, A-OK.
Activate view screen.
I can't watch this show without my trusty
Commander Hork radar decoder ring.
My official Commander Hork space helmet.
Not to mention your genuine super elastic time short.
Bet you don't have a pair of these, Earthling.
And my anti-gravity bubblegum.
All systems go.
Prepare for countdown.
Seven, six, five, two, one, per billion.
With Commander Hork and his faithful companion,
Kenneth Stimpy.
As they roam the endless uncharted regions of space
at speed so fantastic they travel the imagination.
Prepare to surge to sublight speed.
Technologies.
Thrilling headgear.
Fine tingling toast.
Be there.
Scour the spaceways.
Explore vast alien worlds.
Come in, Kenneth Stimpy.
Do you read me?
With that Stimpy here, we read you.
Roger.
Roger here.
OK, space cadets.
Prepare to hurt all through the cosmos.
In today's turgid episode.
Captain's log.
Commander Hork here on a 36-year mission to the Crab Nebula.
We've made this trip dozens of times.
You know, they say sometimes people go crazy on these long trips.
They get the space madness.
Space madness.
Mr. Science Officer, commence relaxation period.
Aye-aye, Captain.
Well, it's break time.
We're not on duty for another six years.
So what do you want to do?
Why don't we just spend some quality time together?
Prodigy stack of protoplasm!
Hey, Cap.
He's off.
Oh, hey.
I'm sorry, man.
I just been cooped up here so long.
I think we both need a good hot meal.
Just hang on, OK?
Boy, I'm starving.
How about that, a three-course meal?
That's it!
I need some real food!
Relax, Cap'n.
I'm here for you.
Let it out.
That's right.
Hey, I know what you need.
Yes, sir, a good hot bath is the best thing for nerves.
I'll turn off the gravity.
It'll help you relax.
What a pal.
This is the good life.
Just relax and let my mind drift.
I'll just lie back and think pleasant thoughts.
Chicken pot pie.
Chocolate-covered raisins.
It glazed ham.
They think I'm crazy, but I know better.
It is not I who am crazy.
It is I who am mad.
Didn't you hear them?
Didn't you see the crowds?
Oh, my beloved ice cream bar.
How I love to lick your creamy center.
Oh, so nutty.
Chocolate-covering.
You're not like the others.
You like the same things I do.
Wax paper.
You're boiled football leather.
Dog breath.
We're not hitchhiking anymore.
We're riding.
Stop it.
You're talking crazy.
Oh, no.
I know what you want.
You coveted my ice cream bar.
Come on now.
No, you don't.
You can't take it from me now.
I've had this ice cream bar since I was a child.
People always trying to take it from me.
Why won't they leave me?
Step closer, I'm warning you.
Now you've done it.
You forced me to use it.
You poor crazy kid.
Captain's log.
I'm tired.
So tired.
I can't believe my own partner attacked me.
Maybe if I occupy his mind with more duties,
I can control his space.
Madness.
Now listen, Cadet.
I've got a job for you.
See this button?
Don't touch it.
It's the history eraser button, you fool.
So what'll happen?
Let's just eat.
We don't know.
Maybe something bad.
Maybe something good.
I guess we'll never know.
Because you're going to guard it.
You won't touch it, will you?
Long can trusty Cadet Stimpy hold out.
How can he possibly resist the diabolical urge
to push the button that could erase his very existence?
Will his tortured mind give in to its uncontrollable desires?
Can he withstand the temptation to push the button
that even now beckons him ever closer?
Will he succumb to the maddening urge to eradicate history?
At the mere push of a single button.
The beautiful shiny button.
The jolly, candy-like button.
Will he hold out and he holds out?
Tune in next week, as...
Friends Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
This is the Super Soaker 50, the air-powered water gun.
It shoots so far that while you can run, you can't hide.
The genuine Super Soaker 50.
If you don't have one, you're all wet.
If you really want to get someone wet,
there's one sure way to go about it.
The Super Soaker 200.
The genuine Super Soaker 200.
Think of it as a waterfall you can aim.
What do you call a hole in a crunchy baked pretzel?
Room for improvement.
Now filled with creamy spicy mustard.
New spicy mustard combos.
See why combos taste better?
Now the combos has a new oven baked crust
filled with more pizza spices.
Other snacks aren't so fulfilling.
Pepperoni pizza combos.
See why combos taste better?
Around the world, drew and painted their visions of peace
an exhibition sponsored by the Lions Club International.
Another barbecue.
Everybody's having fun.
Nice!
It's wacky water whackers!
Fill it!
Smack it!
But don't crack it!
It's wacky water fun!
Back it!
But don't crack it!
Wack it!
Wacky water whackers comes with two special balloon-breaking
rackets with a wacky water bowl
and lots of balloons from Buddy Out.
It's a Nickelodeon orange appeal.
We use the very latest technology
when we develop Nick Arcade,
the next level of game show.
Fill more, host of Nick Arcade.
But technology is always moving ahead
with new ideas and new approaches.
And you know who's going to develop
the next, next level of game show?
You are.
Take math and science seriously now
and math and science will take you into the future.
This orange appeal was brought to you by
Education First and Nickelodeon.
Back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Worry up, Stimpy.
I can't do this all day.
I think I see something.
I got something, Ren.
I got something.
I'm so hungry, I can't stand it.
What are we having?
Ta-da!
A can.
Wait a minute.
What are you having?
The usual.
I'm having a sock.
You're giving me the can?
Are you sure?
Go ahead.
It's yours.
You're one of the good ones, man.
Hey!
Whose trash is that?
Stimpy, move your butt.
It's a hire man.
Hey, trash!
I'm telling you for the last time!
A man works hard for his filth
just to have vagrants come and steal it.
It's a crying shame.
Man, I'm starving.
What are we going to do?
We could find some work.
Work!
Have you lost your mind?
I'm sorry, Ren.
I don't know what came over me.
That's it.
I've got a plan.
What's the plan, Ren?
Well, we wait until dark.
Then we have a sip.
Have a sip.
And then we have a sip.
See you tomorrow, Ren.
The incisors allow me to make a business proposal.
Stimps and Jay, cat professional mouse catcher.
Oh, how cute!
Honey, a kitty cat.
Isn't he adorable?
Yep, that's a cat, all right.
Can we keep him?
He can catch mice.
Don't be silly, dear.
You know we don't have any mice.
Squeak!
Squeak, I tell you, squeak!
That's the ugliest mouse I've ever seen.
And he's beating up on our cheese.
All right, cat, you got yourself a job.
Here, here's five bucks.
Five bucks?
Now, catch that mouse.
We don't know what saved me.
That's right, you're in for it now.
Your days are numbered.
You're murdering me.
You are in trouble now, Mr. Rodent.
Oh, dear, I had no idea this would be so gruesome.
That old cat is gonna get me.
He is so fast and wild.
That knife, please!
No, no!
No, I tell you!
I have got you right where I want you, you dirty old mouse.
I'm free!
I've escaped!
That nasty old cat will never get me now!
I am home free!
I have you now!
Oh, no, do not throw me out into the cold, dark night!
Hey, cat!
Aren't you gonna eat that mouse?
Well, go ahead, put him in your mouth.
That's right, eat him up good.
Don't be shy.
That's a good cat.
Oh, look, honey, isn't that cute?
Well, go ahead, kitty, chew him up.
Yes, sir, he's really enjoying himself.
Just swallow.
Here, wash him down with this.
Eat to the left of me.
It comes to the right of me.
I tell you, I can't stand it!
I am going mad!
Oh, honey, look, the poor deer has coughed up a hairball.
Get me a tissue, will you?
Why, that's no hairball.
That's that ugly mouse.
Tell you what, hon, wash it off and we'll try again.
That cat must be starving!
Oh, no, you don't!
I am no mouse!
I'm an asthma-hound to Chihuahua!
Well, by Joe, it is a Chihuahua.
Go on, Steampy, he's got us.
Give him back his five bucks.
I can't!
I've been bad, Ren, he'll smack me.
When have I ever?
Now go ahead. Tell me what's wrong.
All this talk about eating made me hungry.
I ate the five bucks.
Soos!
And after you're done with those dishes,
you can vacuum the rug, paint the lawn,
mow the hedge, shave the chickens.
Hey, kids, there's only five more days
till Yak Shaving Day.
I can hardly wait.
So start decorating your house with disposable diapers.
And remember to stuff Dad's rubber boots with coleslaw.
Then, on Kilted Yak's Eve,
if you look real closely,
you just might catch a glimpse of the Shaven Yak
on his enchanted canoe.
But don't forget to leave a heaping bowl of hot leather
by the sink.
Good boy, or girl,
he just might leave a surprise for you
to enjoy next morning.
Just what I always wanted.
Shaving scum.
He got my letter.
Stay tuned now as the Midnight Society
takes you on a summer vacation
to a place where the host leaves the guests
feeling lifeless.
It's the tale of the captured souls.
Mockstones.
News for those guys who play two sports.
Try five.
When you play five sports,
you really need something this good.
Right, testing 10K.
Really, really good stuff.
Stretch it out, give it all you got.
Get super net ball, take your best shot.
Play super net ball.
The action shouldn't catch game with a power stretch net.
That seems a switch.
Super net ball over 100 feet.
Super net ball, yeah, super hot.
Super net ball.
Who else?
Oh, bad driver.
Kellogg's in love with those sweet little puffs of wheat.
Bad kitty.
Take that kitty.
Now for those yummy snacks.
Yes, let Kellogg's snacks be part of your complete breakfast.
My snacks.
Here you go.
Cool. Here's my little buddy, the ball sack rat.
Us two ball sacks, the wear it.
Turn up the bun with ball sack.
Kids have pets.
Kids watch Nick.
But do kids pets watch Nick?
My favorite show is Lassie.
When Spot watches TV, he gets really thirsty.
When he drinks his water, he makes big gulps.
He likes to watch TV, and he goes play death.
Cindy wants me to watch more snake shows.
Lassie comprehending really close to the TV,
and I think he's trying to get in.
He just sits and watches.
I wonder if she can hear TV through a shell.
Nickelodeon tuned into kids.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick is kids.
Freck born April 28th.
That means you're exactly 5,450 days, 17 hours, 15 minutes, and 37 seconds old.
So what have you been doing all this time?
Waiting for Kiki.
Where'd she go?
There must be nature going.
What the...
Hey, it's a flasher.
Gotcha.
Ew, gross, my eyes are all red.
I look 5,000 years old, not 5,000 days.
I want to see what you got, old man.
It's like a ghost becoming real.
When's your birthday, Kiki?
Can we just get to the story?
Yeah, come on.
Come on, guys, let's go.
Okay, give me the pictures.
Sometimes a camera sees more than the naked eye.
Some Indian tribes hated to have their pictures taken
because they thought the camera captured your soul.
And maybe they were right.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the captured souls.
The Ad in the Travel Magazine said,
It's the perfect hotel to spend a relaxing summer vacation
on a crystal clear lake.
Join us for a visit.
You'll never forget.
But Danielle and her parents
thought the place sounded too good to be true.
But the ad was right.
This was going to be a vacation
they will never, ever going to forget.
What a charming place.
It looks boring.
I could have gone to the ocean.
Aw, what's the matter?
You're getting too old to have fun with us all of a sudden.
No.
Alright, then let's do it.
Alright.
It's locked.
Well, check over the door, maybe there's a key.
Well, hello.
You must be the salmons.
I'm Peter Curling, the third.
It's wonderful to have you here.
Yeah, thanks.
Mrs. Salmon.
Very nice to meet you, Peter.
Are your parents the innkeepers here?
And this must be your lovely daughter, Danielle.
Uh, yeah, Daniel.
Let me show you your rooms.
I think you'll find them very cozy.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Gross.
You're in luck.
We have no other guests this week.
You have the place to yourselves.
This is your room, Mr. and Mrs. Salmon.
I hope it's to your liking.
Wow.
What's with all the mirrors?
My family's been collecting them for years.
It's kind of a tradition.
I sure do like to look at themselves.
I kind of like them.
Sorry about that.
The wiring is quite old.
In the mirror?
Let me show you your room, Danielle.
Don't call me Danielle.
I hate that.
What do you think?
This is a closet, not a room.
Danny, don't be rude.
I think you'll be very happy here.
Are your parents around?
I guess we should be checking in.
Oh, they're not here.
Actually, they're off on a cruise.
I'll check you in.
You're here all alone?
Not anymore.
Range, little guy.
Totally weird.
Go for it.
You've got quite an arm there, Danielle.
Thanks.
Don't call me Danielle.
Come on, Pete, get in the game.
I'm not much of a sportsman.
Come on, pick up a glove.
All right, here goes.
Oops.
Dad, I thought this was supposed to be our vacation, Gavin.
Forget this, Pete.
Come on, sweetie. Give him a break.
He's all alone.
Besides, it'll be fun having somebody else to play ball with.
Here you are.
What's wrong?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Let me take a picture of you all.
Go stand with your family.
This your wall?
What do you think of my room?
You live here all summer?
By yourself?
Possibly longer.
No parents?
I do what I want.
When I want.
It's like a dream come true.
Cool.
What do you do for fun?
I always admire a girl with great physical strength.
Is this you?
No, wait. It says 1920.
It's my grandfather.
He looked a lot like me.
What's this?
It's an experiment.
My grandfather designed it years ago.
It's a transference of energy fields.
But you're killing the roses.
The geraniums are doing very well.
It's natural selection
with a little help.
Don't. Okay, okay, sorry.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Really? What?
Don't be such a dweeb.
Well, let's just...
Well, I think you're breaking out.
Tune in to Nicknews W5
and tune in to Your World.
She's a kid, a musician.
She lives in New York City on a boat.
He's black. He's white.
They're best friends.
What's the problem? They live in South Africa.
A 13-year-old girl going to work for NASA.
It's all on Nicknews W5 this week.
Nicknews. Your World. Your News.
This Sunday at 8-7 Central
on the network that's tuned in to kids.
In a world of flat chips,
what do you call crunchy baked shells
surrounding smooth, creamy fillings?
Roll models.
See why combos taste better?
What do you call a hole in a crunchy baked pretzel?
Room for improvement.
Now filled with creamy spicy mustard.
New spicy mustard combos.
See why combos taste better?
He's back. He's the MTV Movie Awards.
Black tie too hot to handle.
He takes the chances.
There was a man with...
Treachery.
Eddie Murphy.
The exerting and tantalizing MTV Movie Awards.
Next Wednesday on MTV.
Now the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
What was he doing anyway, taking a light shower?
Yeah. And why didn't he want his picture taken?
Maybe he was afraid of what they'd see.
But what about the cylinder?
There are mirrors in there.
Exactly. Mirrors.
Just like in the rest of the house.
All right, three. You're out.
Yeah, you're lucked up with that curveball.
You're out. I'm up.
I'll pitch.
Okay, slugger. Try this one.
Woo!
Nice head, Pete.
Yeah.
He got lucky.
I gotta quit.
I'm feeling a little woozy at it.
Let's be the heat.
Well, we just started.
I'm sorry, honey.
I really am, Pete.
You go get the ball, okay?
Wait. I'll get it.
Don't worry about it.
No. I said I'll get it.
I'm too tired. Your father will take you.
He can barely play softball.
He's not going to want to swim.
Go easy on him, Danny. It's his vacation, too.
Great.
I think we're going to have to get some medication for your skin.
Look, there's something really weird going on here.
It's just the old wiring.
In a mirror!
What happened here?
Get this cleaned up before somebody gets hurt.
I'm going to take a nap.
Say you?
Peter Curlin III.
Born in 1907.
There's no date.
He must still be alive.
What are you doing?
There's something really weird going on here, Mom.
You look terrible.
Oh, don't look in the mirror.
Oh, I know I look terrible.
I guess it is. It's just catching up with me.
We've got to leave right now.
Danny, your imagination is running away with you.
But you've gotten old in a couple of days.
What are you doing?
No, don't put it back.
Danny, don't be strange.
Can't we just go home?
This country is getting me lightheaded.
Then let's get out of here.
I think I'll take a nap, too.
Wake as a kitten.
Fresh air out here really is wonderful.
I just find it takes so much out of you sometimes, you know?
Excuse me.
Is that a new guest?
What do you mean?
Didn't you?
In women, pretty four kids.
And dogs.
So, you've found our little plot.
Who are you? What are you doing to us?
You were right. It's all done with mirrors,
which you have cleverly managed to avoid.
After tonight, you'll be all alone.
Just like me.
You can stay on in the house if you'd like.
We can be friends.
What do you mean I'll be all alone?
Your parents are checking out tonight.
What?
Oh, yes.
We've entered the final phase.
It won't be long now.
You leave my parents alone.
Stay with me, Danielle.
We can be young forever.
You're crazy.
No, I'm very, very smart.
But if you won't join me,
I'll have to use you too.
It's too late.
You don't have any time.
Now, Danny.
Hello.
A glass of water.
Look at yourself.
You don't know what you're doing.
I know what you're doing.
You're stealing other people's souls so you can stay young.
How do you?
80? 90?
Don't be foolish, Danielle.
I'm offering you eternal youth.
You're a twisted old man.
I'm a scientist.
You're a monster.
Please, Danielle.
Don't do anything.
You don't understand.
Stand all right.
Try to take my parents away from me.
Wrong girl, Peedy Boy.
And don't call me Danielle.
I feel like I've dropped a million years.
You all right?
Anywhere have you been?
I stopped him.
You stopped too.
Peter.
I was up in the...
Never mind.
Well, I feel great.
What do we do?
How about a trip?
Hmm.
Where to?
Anywhere.
That is a long way from here.
Goodbye, Danny.
I'm going out back now
to join my family.
It's been far too long.
Enjoy your youth
while you can.
Danny.
Who was that?
Nobody.
I just found this out front.
Any other who it is?
No.
Just looks like some sad old man.
He never told her parents the true story about Peter.
Okay.
Let's go.
They were safe.
And Peter wasn't going to hurt anybody again.
That's all that mattered.
And she finally convinced her parents to go to the ocean.
So you see, sometimes pictures do tell the truth.
Whether you like it or not.
And I've got one shot left.
Coming next, Nick at Night is very, very pleased
to present Very, Very Requested.
Stay tuned for four classic shows
requested by viewers just like you.
Discover a great episode you've never seen before
or an all-time classic that never goes out of style.
On Nick at Night's Very, Very Requested.
Next.